Notifications api (#171)
metricly/metricly-docs: content/api/api-notifications.md

    "type": "email",
    "properties": {
      "templateType": "default",
      "address": "test.email@gmail.com",
      "payloadType": "default",
      "bodyTemplate": "<#if payloadType == \"event\">\n  ${eventCategory.name}\n</#if>\n<#if payloadType == \"event_cleared\">\n  CLEAR\n</#if>",
      "name": "the test notification",
      "subjectTemplate": "Metricly Event [${policyName}]",
      "awsAuthentication": "role"
    }
  }
}
```

{{% /expand %}}

---

## PUT to /notifications/{id}

{{< button href="https://app.metricly.com/swagger-ui.html#!/notifications/replaceUsingPUT" theme="warning" >}} PUT {{< /button >}} Use this endpoint to update notifications.
{{% expand "View Method Details." %}}

### Parameters

| Parameter | Parameter Type | Data Type | Description |
|--------------------|----------------|---------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| User-Agent  | header  | string  | User-Agent  |
| id | path | long | Notification's unique ID.|
| Notification   | body  | JSON  |  JSON instructions to edit or build notifications. |

### Request URL

`https://app.metricly.com/notifications/{id}`

### CURL

> In the following CURL example, the generic email notification used in previous examples is swapped for a Slack Webhook notification. Note that different notification types may have different minimum requirements. In this case, a Webhook must have a **url** property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following CURL example, the Slack notification **url** property is updated with a new URL because the old URL belongs to a Slack channel and integration that no longer exist.
```

```
curl -X PUT --header 'Content-Type: application/json' --header 'Accept: application/json' --header 'User-Agent: none' -d '{ \
   "notification": { \
     "id": 3824451, \
     "tenantId": "0fa5384a-3b36-4766-ad68-43e7c6af54f6", \
     "enabled": true, \
     "type": "slack", \
     "properties": { \
       "name": "#cloudwisdom-notifications", \
       "url": "https://hooks.slack.com/services/76543346/7654324/0876543234", \

>        "bodyTemplate": "<#if payloadType == \"event\">\n  ${eventCategory.name}\n</#if>\n<#if payloadType == \"event_cleared\">\n  CLEAR\n</#if>", \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
